[Music]
h
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We
respectfully bow to our benevolent Father, Buddha
Shakyamuni.
Today,
pilgrimage group number 5, in the program of
visiting the four sacred sites,
we are here.
We have set foot on the
land where the Buddha turned the
wheel of Dharma to the world. We are truly
happy.
If the Buddha had not attained enlightenment, if the Buddha had not
spread the Dharma, sentient beings would
forever be deluded, and
we would also forever be
deluded.
Here, we see
how great the compassion of our compassionate Father is.
We, with our eyes of
greed, when we are among sentient beings,
compete with each other, harm each other,
and snatch with each
other food, clothing, and shelter.
Our compassionate Father, from countless eons, has
seen sentient beings
competing, seen sentient beings harming each other, and
our compassionate Father, with
compassion, wishes for sentient beings to not
compete with each other, not to
suffer, and to be at
peace.
Therefore, our compassionate Father has
spent three countless eons with this
heart.  It pains us to
see all beings
so compassionate, sacrificing all
their flesh and blood, their very lives,
to find
a way to end their suffering, to end the struggle and
killing for food,
clothing, and shelter.
We are deeply ashamed, yet also deeply happy
to be children of our
benevolent Father.
Among those here, there
may be some who are not yet enlightened,
but there are also those who are
enlightened and wish to
escape the struggle, the
fighting, and the harm caused by the struggle for
food and
clothing. Having realized the actions that lead to
suffering, and understanding the
truth that our compassionate Father has attained, we are
immensely
happy today. We respectfully bow to
our compassionate Father, and pray that our
Father will support us so that
we may attain
enlightenment, so that we may diligently
practice and escape the defilement and
suffering in the six realms of
reincarnation.
We humbly declare to our compassionate Father:
We wish to be chosen to enjoy the happiness
that our compassionate Father had to endure three countless eons to
attain and bestow upon us.  We
humbly beseech you, our compassionate Father, to bear
witness and support us. We respectfully beseech you, our
merciful Father, our benevolent Father. All beings, from
countless eons ago, as well as in
this lifetime, before being
illuminated by the light of enlightenment, were lost in delusion and
suffering. We did not know
where this suffering came from;
we did not know that this suffering
was caused by our own actions, and that we
ourselves must reap the consequences.
We also sought a path to happiness, searching for
explanations for
our suffering, but
we encountered explanations that were
untrue, called false views. Yet, we
continued to blindly follow them. Because in our
hearts
we felt
suffering but had no
way to explain it, we had to listen,
and from that, we committed countless
sins,
lamenting to heaven and earth, blaming our fathers and mothers, hating our wives,
husbands, friends, and companions.
All beings,
every day, every hour, every thought,
are consumed by suffering.
From countless eons ago, because we could
not understand this suffering, we were overwhelmed with pain,
sometimes even seeking
death, thinking that it would end our suffering.  But
suffering begets
suffering. Since receiving the light of
enlightenment, we have been somewhat
enlightened and feel truly
happy. Today, this morning, our group
visited the Ganges River. There, we
saw our own image,
our own thoughts, our
suffering, and our
powerlessness
manifesting there. We too were once like
that, searching for happiness, trying to explain suffering, trying to
explain happiness incorrectly. Therefore, we
did everything in
delusion, diligently working, only leading to suffering. All happiness, that enlightenment,
when we see sentient beings
still suffering like that, with such wrong views.
This happiness in this present moment
all comes from
here, where the
Buddha turned the wheel of salvation for sentient beings, for
us. We respectfully express our gratitude to our compassionate Father who,
for us and for all sentient beings, sacrificed his
blood and
flesh for three countless eons to find the
path to liberation from suffering, to
explain the
truth.
Today,
in this pilgrimage group, there may be some who are
enlightened, and there may be
some who are not yet enlightened. Some of us
feel truly
happy.  When
we receive the light of
wisdom, receiving the Four Noble
Truths and finding them truly precious,
nothing is
more precious than
experiencing the life of wrong views and the life of
right views. If we had not
received right views, if we had not
received the Four Noble Truths from the
Buddha, we would have remained the same forever. In
countless future lives, we
would rarely experience the suffering we
just experienced this morning, and
we would
suffer in reality in this very life.
We respectfully express our gratitude to our compassionate Father,
Shakyamuni Buddha.
No one loves us
as much as our compassionate Father, Shakyamuni Buddha, or the Buddhas.
No one has given
us such priceless treasures as our compassionate Father,
Shakyamuni Buddha, or the
Buddhas. Today, here, we are
also
ashamed because of our ignorance. We may
still be
clinging to evil deeds, not yet
diligently practicing the Buddha Dharma, not yet holding
firmly in our hands the priceless jewel,
still being negligent, and some may still
return to the life
of sentient beings, as
human beings, and the entire great world.  We
witnessed this morning that
perhaps because of laziness, there is depravity. We
humbly beseech the compassionate Father to guide us so that
none of us will ever return to the
suffering of sentient beings with wrong views, never again to
return to a state of suffering,
delusion, and
error. Compassionate Father, please guide
us, transmit the Dharma to us,
lead us to find
refuge in
your Bhikkhu disciple, as
we have found refuge in this life with
Bhikkhu Thich Truc Thai Minh, who transmits the Dharma
to
us, bringing your teachings to open our
minds and
enlighten us. We humbly confess to the compassionate Father that we sincerely repent of
our laziness
and we earnestly pray that you will
guide us never again to return to
such a life of suffering, never to
return to wrong views and
suffering. Every day from
early morning we pray for happiness, relying on
those who are free from wrong
views and suffering.
Knowing
that from this suffering comes
another suffering, we humbly beseech our compassionate Father to
guide, protect, and support
us, so that we do not
return to the state of ignorance
we have experienced countless eons.
Today, we truly fear this life, this state of existence, we are
extremely afraid of such lives. We vow to rely on the
Dharma and the Sangha, to diligently seek
enlightenment and
liberation. We will share with each
other to observe and experience life as
truly suffering, to awaken to the
truth about
suffering, to see that suffering is caused by the mind of greed and attachment, to awaken to the
danger of greed and
attachment, to encourage each other to see that the stillness
in the mind, without greed and attachment, is true
happiness and peace, that is Nirvana. We
encourage
each other to practice the eight
precepts
so that together we may leave
suffering and reach the peaceful Nirvana. We humbly
beseech our compassionate Father to support and guide
us, so that none of
us will ever return to the state of
ignorance.  Greed, desire, creating
evil karma,
suffering, and wrong views—
we humbly beseech the Venerable Buddha, our
benevolent Father. Today,
we take worldly Dharma as our cause and
vow, offering flowers and offerings
at the Great Stupa where the Buddha transmitted the Wheel of
Dharma. We
pray that all Buddhists in
our Golden Cup Club, practicing the Six Harmonies,
and those who will join the
club in the future, will forever
be blessed
by the benevolent Father, dwelling in the righteous
Dharma, diligently practicing the Six Harmonies, attaining the
righteous path, and
achieving Nirvana, peace, joy, and happiness.
We will follow our benevolent Father, seeking Supreme
Enlightenment, benefiting ourselves and all sentient beings. We earnestly hope for the appearance of saints in this world. Here, the Buddha transmitted the Dharma to the five brothers, and
countless saintly monks appeared in this world to save sentient beings.
Because of our evil karma and greed for many lifetimes, we have criticized the enlightened ones, making it
difficult to meet them.
We beg the saint to come
soon.  We humbly request the Buddha's blessings upon us, that he may appear in this place to
guide us.
We, your disciples, follow
our master, the Venerable Thich Truc Thai Minh,
to practice and study. We implore the Buddha's
blessings upon us, that the
holy one may appear in this world to
teach the Dharma and save sentient beings. We
also vow that
whatever merit we accumulate, we will dedicate it to the attainment of enlightenment,
to Supreme Enlightenment. We pray that we, as lay
Buddhists, may have increased good
fortune and soon walk the path of
liberation, becoming excellent disciples of the
Tathagata. We also dedicate this merit to all
teachers, deities, gods,
spirits, yakshas, ​​and all beings
with karmic connections to this sacred place where the Buddha
transmits the Dharma Wheel. We
also dedicate this merit to all beings with karmic
connections with us, visible or invisible, who have the good fortune to
practice the Buddha's
righteous Dharma, preserve the Dharma, practice the
Bodhisattva path, spread the Dharma throughout the world, and form
Dharma companionship with each other until
the day of attaining Supreme Enlightenment. We
ask the Buddha to bear witness to
our devotion. We respectfully bow to our benevolent Father.
We are lay practitioners, and there are still
many of us.  The evil desires are
governed by the karmic consequences of suffering, creating evil
karma in countless past lives.
Our hearts are still filled with much affliction, sorrow, and anxiety
due to our greed and desire,
but also controlled by evil karma. Our minds
still give rise to many unwholesome thoughts because of
our wrong views from many lifetimes.
We share together the Sutra of Loving-
Kindness, dedicated to disciples at
[music].
Indeed, we see that the Buddha is a
skillful speaker, eloquent in his teachings, suitable to
our capacity.
We have shared and found the Dharma
truly noble, leading to the elimination of afflictions and
suffering, called the Dharma of non-affliction and non-heat,
leading to salvation, to happiness and
peace. With our minds contemplating the Dharma in this way, we
know that the Buddha's Dharma is
unchanging and
true. It only depends on whether sentient beings practice it or
not, whether sentient beings receive
his teachings, whether they have the necessary conditions to
receive them, and whether they have the aspiration and spirit to
practice them. His Dharma
is eternal,
immortal, and unmoving. With
such an enlightened mind, we respectfully
circumambulate the Eightfold Path stupa, and we humbly
present this to our benevolent Father, the
Buddha.  Shakyamuni Buddha, may you
bless us and grant us your guidance so that
we may practice and uphold the
five precepts and attain the four supreme precepts. Namo, may you
always protect us, Bodhisattva Mahasattva.
Today, we, your disciples, take
refuge in your monk, Thich
Truc Thai Minh. From
your disciple, we have learned your teachings and
have the necessary conditions to be
present here
today. We remember your teachings: the Dharma
is the means of
liberation, the precepts are the path to
liberation. Today, we are here,
encouraging each other to heed
your teachings. We know that due to our
evil karma and our many attachments,
we only
receive your teachings little by little, sometimes
remembering, sometimes forgetting. We humbly request your blessings
so that
we may diligently receive your teachings. We
ask you to transmit the Dharma
to
us through your power and
through your ordained disciples,
so that we may have happiness and
peace within the precepts and the Dharma. Today,
we respectfully bow before the stupa.  We pray to the Venerable Master who
turned the Wheel of Dharma here that
this auspicious opportunity will
bring us supreme enlightenment in our diligent pursuit
of the Supreme Bodhi. We also pray that whatever merit we gain here, we will dedicate it to the Supreme Bodhi, to
enlightenment, to diligent practice, to attainment.
We also pray to dedicate it to all sentient beings in
this entire Dharma realm, that the true Dharma of the Master may be
continuously transmitted to all
sentient beings, so that they may attain
enlightenment. We are truly happy.
We also wish that all beings may
be as happy as we are today, and as
happy as the saints who have attained
liberation in the Master's teachings.
We humbly request that the Master
witness and bless us. The Dharma of detachment from desire and the
eradication of afflictions is the wondrous Dharma of
Shakyamuni Buddha, who attained the state of Non-Action
in meditation and realized the Dharma that
no other Dharma can give rise to.
This Dharma is a precious jewel. May we live in true
happiness and joy in old age.  We rejoice in the precepts, O Lord, we rejoice
in the knowledge of wisdom, O Lord, we
do not do what
we are told. We respectfully bow before our benevolent Father, our Buddha Shakyamuni. Truly, we rejoice in having the precepts. We are truly old, yet we have the precepts. We learn about the precepts every day, and we are very happy. We are happy when we
practice the precepts, and we are also happy
when we discover that we have
violated them. That is when we know about the
precepts. We are very
happy when we have faith in the
Buddha, in the
Dharma, in the Sangha, in the steadfastness
of the precepts, and in the fulfillment of the precepts. The merits of the precepts are
also truly joyful and
delightful
when our wisdom is opened,
avoiding the
knowledge of suffering, the cause of suffering, the
cessation of suffering, and the path to the cessation of suffering, the
Eightfold Noble Path. We are very happy to be enlightened on this, when the monk disciples of Venerable Thich Truc Thai Minh enlightened us on the Dharma of the Four Noble Truths, the four
truths that need to be realized, practiced, and
attained. We are very
happy and
joyful.  Regarding this wisdom of enlightenment and liberation,
we are also truly joyful because
we have somewhat stopped doing evil deeds. Joyful indeed is the precepts. Joyful indeed is faith. Joyful indeed is wisdom. Joyful indeed is
not
doing evil. Joyful indeed is the Buddha's
birth.
Joyful indeed is the teaching of the Dharma. Joyful indeed is the
harmony of the Sangha. Joyful indeed is our happiness and
joy. We vow to dedicate this merit
to all teachers,
deities, gods, yakshas, ​​and all
beings, that they may all receive the Buddha's grace. May the
Dharma be transmitted to all
beings, and may all beings
be happy and
express their joy. We
also dedicate this merit and pray
that the Buddha's true Dharma may
be
proclaimed and transmitted to all sentient beings. We humbly beseech the
compassionate Father to
witness and bless
us so that we may diligently attain enlightenment,
open our minds to
enlightenment, diligently
practice, and achieve the Dharma. We
humbly beseech the compassionate Father to guide us. We offer
praise, offerings,
flowers, and other offerings.  On
behalf of the Buddhists in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, we also have the intention of gilding
this stupa with gold. We ask the
Buddha to bear witness to our sincere intentions.
[Music]
Dear fellow practitioners, we
see that
our gold is clinging to the stone. It's
very fragile, isn't it?
Look up here,
we see some stones. It could fly
away, leaving only a thin layer of gold,
right? But then
it still blends in. There's gold there. Even in
rain, wind, and sun, it still blends in.
Do you see? And it follows
this stone. So,
some people might say
that gilding it like that is a waste of money.
That money could be used for almsgiving, which is more beneficial.
But dear fellow practitioners,
each thing has its cause and effect.
We wish to offer the most valuable material things
to the Buddha, to the
sacred sites. That brings merit to
ourselves. We have the desire to offer the
best and most beautiful things to the
most beautiful beings, that means...  What arises in our hearts—love
for goodness, love for wisdom, love for
virtuous deeds—isn't
that right, dear friends?
This love is the blessing that will guide
us on the path to enlightenment and
liberation. That is the karmic reward. Because everything
is just the mind. Whatever our mind likes, we will go
there. If we like to have fun, we will
go to the place of fun. If we like to do
something, we will go there. We will admire it, as the
Buddha taught in the scriptures. We must cultivate a mind of
attachment. Attachment to these places
will lead our minds towards the Buddha.
Do you see, dear friends? That is the benefit for
us and the benefit for all sentient beings. When
people come to these sacred sites and
see the glittering gold, they
feel precious and
sacred. That is the karmic reward that arises for
everyone, and that is the karmic connection for everyone.
Later, when they come to Buddhism, even if they are
not yet Buddhists, because this
is a historical site of the Buddha,
they come and see the gold plating and jewels,
and they see it as sacred. If they see it as
sacred, they see it as high.  Is it
precious or not? That creates
a good karmic connection for them, so that in many
future lives they will meet the Buddha to practice, right,
dear fellow practitioners? But if it is not
decorated, not adorned, and
not brought precious objects here, then the
feeling of sacredness and
preciousness in their hearts will not be elevated, right, dear fellow
practitioners? That is
the second way we create merit,
wishing for everyone to enter the true
Dharma and practice, right, dear fellow practitioners? And
of course, there are many more benefits.
For example, if we offer gold,
all the celestial beings and
gods will see it and rejoice. Because of their
joy, they receive blessings, right, dear
fellow practitioners? Therefore, we, as
enlightened beings about
karma, practice this. Is it a
waste of money, dear fellow
practitioners? Even with money, you can't buy
things if you don't know how to do them. And we,
as people with money but knowing how to do them, will
receive such great blessings,
right, dear fellow practitioners? We will receive
such great blessings. Therefore, dear fellow
practitioners, you must...  Understand that when people who
don't understand call you an "outsider," it means
they are outside of Buddhism,
they don't practice Buddhism. They call you an outsider because they
don't understand and they say things like, "That's
delusion." Then, when
this place, this money, is given to the poor, money
for the poor, there's
already a place for the poor, but giving to the poor doesn't achieve this merit. So, giving to the poor brings blessings; we don't abandon what we have, do we? But we need this merit to guide us, to open our hearts to give to the
poor with compassion and love, and to eliminate the
unwholesome thoughts within ourselves. That's the
meaning of
us burning gold at sacred sites,
and this merit will be divided
equally among all the Buddhists in the club.
Do you understand, dear fellow practitioners? It's
very up to you, dear fellow practitioners. When
the Buddha attained enlightenment under the Bodhi tree,
after three weeks, he came here
to guide the five brothers of the Kieu
Tran Nhu community. This is the place where the
Buddha delivered his first sermon. This is called
...  The Tower of the Turning of the Dharma Wheel, or the Turning of the Dharma Wheel,
is where the Buddha delivered his first sermon,
and this is the fundamental sermon that runs
throughout the Buddha's teachings: the
sermon on the Four Noble Truths, which speaks of the
suffering of sentient beings, the causes of
suffering, and so on.  The Noble Eightfold Path
consists of eight
methods that sentient beings must practice to
escape suffering, and that liberation from suffering
is Nirvana, also known as the Cessation of Suffering. Happiness and
peace are present throughout the
Buddha's scriptures. If
any scripture or sutra does not adhere to the Noble Eightfold Path,
it is not a Buddha scripture
but a fabricated one. However,
any scripture that resembles the Four Noble Truths
is a Buddha scripture. This is to help us
distinguish the only way to eliminate suffering: the Noble Eightfold
Path. The Noble Eightfold Path
will
be found in different levels of scriptures,
for example, scriptures for lay people
will differ from those for monastics.
To understand
what we should pay homage to here, first, we should pay homage to the place where the
Buddha first delivered his teachings. Remember
that, and we should pay homage to the first sermon.
We must pay homage to the Buddha, to the first
sermon, and to the first Sangha.
Here, after the five brothers of the Sangha (
as worldly beings) renounced the world, the Sangha was
established. Before that, there was only the Buddha and the
Dharma.  There are two jewels, but after the five
brothers of Tran Nhu renounced the world, the
three jewels appeared. It's clear that the
three jewels are three. Initially, when the Buddha attained
enlightenment, there were two jewels: the Buddha and the
Dharma. After the five brothers of
Tran Nhu renounced the world, there were three jewels. So, we pay homage to the
Three Jewels, we praise them, we
remember them. Do you all understand? Now, let's begin the
ceremony. With sincere hearts, we pay homage to the Buddha
Shakyamuni. Because of compassion, he
accepted the request to transmit the wheel of Dharma to save sentient beings.
[Music] With sincere hearts, we pay homage to the Buddha Shakyamuni. Because of compassion, he
transmits the wheel of Dharma, the true meaning of the Noble Truth of Suffering, sentient beings
need to awaken. [
Music] With sincere hearts, we pay homage to the Buddha
Shakyamuni. Because of compassion, he transmits the wheel of Dharma, the truth of the Noble Truth of Suffering, sentient beings need to awaken. With sincere hearts, we pay homage to the Buddha Shakyamuni.
Because of compassion, he transmits the wheel of Dharma, the truth of the Noble Truth of Cessation, sentient beings need to awaken. Because of compassion, he transmits the wheel of Dharma,
the truth of the Noble Truth of Cessation, sentient beings need to attain enlightenment.
The people follow the path of the Buddha, the Buddha is the one who
brings happiness to
himself and happiness to the majority. I, your devout followers, sincerely pray to Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.
[Music]
Dear fellow practitioners, here is the
Buddha, the son of King Ashoka. We have already
learned about him. It must be said that he was a lay follower who
made a great contribution to Buddhism. If
King Ashoka hadn't marked
these sacred sites, we would
n't have anything to prove that the Buddha
truly existed in this world.
Therefore, the merit of King Ashoka is
immeasurably great. That's why our group recently
held a vegetarian offering to dedicate our gratitude to King Ashoka,
praying that for
many lifetimes we can preserve Buddhism and
benefit sentient beings. If the
disciples of the Buddha throughout the
world didn't have
these sacred sites, we would absolutely not be able to dispel our
doubts. Sometimes we
might think the Buddha is some kind of legendary figure.
However, King Ashoka in
Indian history is a king whose presence is indispensable to the history of
India.
He was seemingly the first
to conquer other countries to unify
India, not just
neighboring tribes. He then unified and
developed this unification into the vast
country of India, which was formed from many
small tribes that merged into one.
Therefore, King Ashoka is
indispensable in
Indian history. This is also a
blessing from the Buddha and a testament to the
Buddha's paramita (perfection). It was
King Ashoka
who offered a
lot of land to our Buddha Shakyamuni when the
Buddha was begging for alms. At
that time, King Ashoka, like
a child, built a fortress, meaning
he already had the idea of ​​wanting a
fortress and wanting to be a king.
Therefore, with his wisdom,  The
Buddha knew who would be
the guardian of the Buddha's relics,
marking their
significance in the Dharma. Therefore,
King Ashoka, a young boy, took some
earth from the city he was building and offered it
to the Buddha's alms bowl. The Buddha made a vow, and it was
this merit that led him to become king
200 years after the Buddha.
He became king, and he
also had a karmic connection. Initially, he was a
very cruel king, naturally, that's why he
went to rule over
all the countries. That was due to his karma. But then
he attained
enlightenment in the Dharma, and he saw that the Dharma
was incredibly precious, the ultimate goal.
So he went searching for all the
traces of the Buddha and built
84,000 stone pillars. King Ashoka erected stone pillars in all the places
where the Buddha's relics were located, where he
preached or wherever he went.
Therefore, the history of the
Buddha's life is proven by the history
of India, my esteemed friends. Just like
our King Tran Nhan Tong and the
Buddha Tran Nhan Tong, he was both a
king and a Buddha because he was a
monk, an undeniable fact in Vietnamese history. Do you
understand? Therefore, the
merit of King Duc is immense.
Without King Duc,
we wouldn't have this sacred site today, and
we wouldn't be able to dispel our doubts.
We wouldn't have a voice with
other religions that the Buddha was an
ordinary person, a prince who left the
royal palace to become a monk and attain enlightenment,
and that his teachings are
valuable and lead to enlightenment. If
we didn't have King Duc,
sometimes in our hearts we
would have doubts, thinking that the Buddha is a
legendary figure, right, my esteemed friends?
And today, as you
see us here, you
see that in our hearts we have
more faith in the Buddha.  It's much more than
when we chant the sutra, we only know that
the Buddha turned the Wheel of Dharma in the garden, but
in our hearts, we are still vague, even though
we have seen images,
right, dear fellow practitioners? Although we have
seen the previous groups' journeys,
we haven't set foot there yet, so
in our hearts, we are still vague. We believe,
but we believe in the form of belief,
not in reality, right, dear fellow practitioners? Therefore,
our trip is a trip
that will benefit countless future lives. When
we chant the sutra, we will see
how truthful the Buddha's words are.
For those who have set
foot on the sacred sites, dear fellow practitioners, it is
very good. And here, the Buddha
preached the first sermon, which is the
truth, the backbone of Buddhism. All the
teachings, all the sutras, all the Dharma
of the Buddha take this as the backbone. The Four Noble Truths
are the backbone. Everything talks
about suffering, the cause of suffering, the way to
resolve suffering, and the place where suffering ends. Even the smallest sutra is like
that. If the sutra...
Any teacher who cannot see the
shadow of the Four Noble Truths is merely teaching false
doctrines. Only the truth of the Four
Noble Truths can validate the
Buddha's teachings. And here, right now, the
Buddha's teachings are being proclaimed and
brought to the world, my esteemed fellow
practitioners. That is why we stand
here, on this extremely sacred land,
where the sun of the Buddha's
teachings rises and shines
everywhere, but it rises only here. So
now we will sing the song "The Sun of the
Buddha's Teachings" to show that
we are happy people, aren't we, my esteemed fellow
practitioners? Among the countless beings in
this world, very few are illuminated by the
sun of the Buddha's teachings in their wisdom; the rest
cannot break free from
the view of suffering. We went to the
market this morning and saw
people there who were
seeking happiness, weren't they, my esteemed fellow
practitioners? They feared sin, believed in past and
future lives, weren't they, my esteemed fellow
practitioners? They wanted to eliminate sin, they wanted
peace, but the method to...  But eliminating
sins is a mistake, is
n't it, dear fellow practitioners? The methods
they use to eliminate sins are
wrong. Our Buddha, however, preached the
first sermon, the Four Noble Truths, which
reveals the cause of suffering. It lies in
our greed and attachment. To end suffering, we
must reduce suffering, which means reducing greed,
right? We, as followers of the Five
Precepts—not stealing—reduce what, reduce greed,
right? Therefore, it is here that sentient beings
are enlightened, dear fellow practitioners.
The truth about suffering, the cause of suffering,
and the way to resolve all
suffering are proclaimed here. This
is our happiness. If
the Buddha hadn't appeared and his teachings hadn't
been revealed, we would be just
like everyone else, wouldn't we, dear fellow practitioners?
Just like in our early lives,
before encountering the Buddha's teachings, we sought
happiness but caused ourselves
suffering. For example, in our early lives,
who didn't seek happiness? Those
who consult fortune tellers
are seeing themselves as suffering, aren't they?  Dear fellow
practitioners, isn't it true that anyone who has consulted a fortune teller
knows they are suffering?
But we seek ways to
alleviate our suffering, and we make mistakes,
creating more karmic consequences of suffering
for ourselves, don't we, dear practitioners?
So, is this place sacred to us? It is
very sacred. Therefore,
today we are here, truly happy.
First, we will sing a joyful song. Here, the Dharma is present,
and the Three Jewels
are formed because the Buddha ordained the
five brothers, Kieu Tran
Nhu, and only when the five brothers, Kieu Tran
Nhu, ordained did the Three Jewels come into being.
Initially, when the Buddha attained enlightenment, there were only the Buddha Jewel
and the Dharma Jewel, that is, the Two Jewels. So,
what is this called? The Dharma appearing
in the world and the Three Jewels appearing in the world,
right, dear practitioners? And
we belong to the Four Assemblies within the Three Jewels: the
Buddha Jewel, the Dharma Jewel, the
Sangha Jewel, and we are the disciples, called the Four Assemblies.
So now, we will sing the
song "The Sun of the Buddha's Dharma Shines and Saves the
World" in this place.  The sun shines upon the
world, the Dharma of the Buddha is wondrous.
Together we sing aloud, together we share the Dharma. The
wondrous Dharma shines upon all beings,
dispelling their delusion and bringing
happiness to this world. The sun's light illuminates and
contributes to the world's happiness.
Our hearts are strengthened by the
Dharma.
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. The true
Dharma of the Buddha is wondrous, miraculous, a
cure for the suffering of all
beings, the path leading them
to true happiness, to
absolute happiness. The true Dharma of the Buddha eradicates all suffering for all
beings. The true Dharma of the
Buddha is infinitely precious;
no precious thing in
this world can compare to the true Dharma of the
Buddha. Treasures in this world,
even if piled high, only serve to nourish beings, who will
then
die in the cycle of reincarnation forever, never
knowing the joy of the eight sufferings: the
suffering of not obtaining what one desires, the suffering of separation from loved ones, the suffering of hatred, the suffering of being with loved ones, the suffering of being with the
Buddha ...  Driven by greed and desire, we
seek happiness, but the more we seek, the more
suffering we experience. We are constantly seeking but never attaining it, suffering
endlessly, and the cycle of birth, aging,
sickness, death, and burning. All beings are never at
rest; they are trapped in
a sea of ​​suffering and affliction.
Through auspicious karma,
we have come to know the true Dharma of the Buddha. Even knowing the true Dharma
is thanks to the Buddha's grace and salvation from
countless lifetimes and countless cycles of reincarnation.
From the meritorious deeds of countless
Buddhas, we have obtained the karmic connection to know the
true
Dharma in this lifetime. We respectfully bow to the Buddha, to the
Dharma, and to the Sangha, asking for their salvation.
We vow to follow
this path forever until the day we attain
enlightenment. And upon attaining enlightenment, we will follow in the
footsteps of the
Buddhas, bringing the true Dharma to save all
beings. Today, with enlightened minds,
with sincere faith in the Buddha, with
sincere faith in the Dharma, with sincere faith
in the Sangha, we praise the
Buddha, praise the Dharma, and praise the Sangha. May this
praise and
this praise of our hearts resound forever, and may our
prayers for the Dharma to remain in the
world forever resound.  The praise of the
Dharma resounds endlessly, never fading into nothingness. Our praise of the Dharma is
also endless, boundless,
boundless. Our minds respectfully bow and praise the Buddha, which is
boundless, boundless,
boundless. Our hearts respectfully bow to the Sangha, which is boundless.
We earnestly pray to all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and
Great Saints and Sangha, who are great for us, great for all sentient beings,
residing
in this world, residing in the three realms, possessing all
means to turn the wheel of Dharma to save all sentient beings, so that all
beings may benefit. We sincerely and wholeheartedly praise, bow, and beseech: Namo, we beseech Bodhisattva Mahasattva, Namo, we beseech Bodhisattva Mahasattva, Namo, we beseech Bodhisattva Mahasattva, Namo, we beseech Bodhisattva Mahasattva, Namo, we beseech Bodhisattva Mahasattva.
We offer this one
bow and pray for all
Buddhists currently active in the
National Golden Club practicing the Six Harmonies. Buddhists who
will join the National Golden Club practicing the Six
Harmonies will practice the righteous Dharma, practice the six
principles, and respectfully pray for Supreme Enlightenment.
May all Buddhists attain enlightenment in the true
Dharma, diligently practice the
true Dharma of the Buddha, so that the true Dharma
of the Buddha may endure in the world for a long time.
We also dedicate this merit to the relatives and
friends of
all Buddhists, to all sentient beings,
without exception, so that all may
enjoy
this blessing. We vow to form
Dharma-nature connections with all sentient beings,
because we have vowed to form Dharma-friend connections
with all sentient beings. We have prayed to the
Buddhas to save all sentient beings, and
this prayer will not be
abandoned by the Buddhas. The Buddhas will save
us and all sentient beings. We sincerely
dedicate this merit to
all our close karmic connections, including our
parents from many lifetimes, our relatives, our parents in this life, our parents in the
future, our relatives, and all our karmic
enemies and enemies who have a connection with
all Buddhists. This is a close karmic connection, and we pray that we may soon be saved.  We all have been united in
Dharma, supporting each other in our
practice until the day we attain Supreme Enlightenment. We
also dedicate this merit to all
our teachers, all celestial beings, all guardian
spirits, and all
departed souls and ghosts, so that they may also be united in
Dharma with us,
supporting us in our
practice until the day we attain
Supreme Enlightenment.
[Music]
We respectfully bow to the Buddha. The Four Noble Truths: The Buddha proclaimed that craving
must be eradicated, that attachment
must be completely severed in order to attain Nirvana, only then can we
reach absolute happiness.
Now,
before the Buddha who has turned the wheel of
Dharma and
preached the noble Dharma of the Four Noble Truths,
we sincerely and wholeheartedly
implore all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and holy beings to save
us. All
celestial beings, all guardian spirits, and all beings, please
join
us in relying on the Buddha's power to
quickly eradicate all cravings, attain Nirvana, and fulfill the
Bodhi vow, manifesting
countless forms and performing countless merits to
achieve the Right Path and perfect enlightenment. We sincerely
Set up the bridge to make it a
K
[music]